<div id="leftmenuinnerinner"  
<!--  <a href='javascript:void(0)' onclick='close_menu()' class='w3-button w3-hide-large w3-large w3-display-topright' style='right:16px;padding:3px 12px;font-weight:bold;'  &times; --  
<h2 class="left"  JS Tutorial</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/default.asp"  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_intro.asp"  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_whereto.asp"  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_output.asp"    
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_statements.asp"  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_syntax.asp"   
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_comments.asp"  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_variables.asp"  JS Var 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_let.asp"   
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_const.asp"  JS 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_operators.asp"  JS Ope 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_arithmetic.asp"  JS Arithmetic 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_assignment.asp"  JS Assignment 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_datatypes.asp"  JS Data Types 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_functions.asp"  JS Functions 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_objects.asp"  JS Objects 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_events.asp"  JS Events 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_strings.asp"  JS Strings 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_string_methods.asp"  JS String Methods 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_string_search.asp"  JS String Search 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_string_templates.asp"  JS String Templates 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_numbers.asp"  JS Numbers 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_number_methods.asp"  JS Number Methods 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_arrays.asp"  JS Arrays 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_array_methods.asp"  JS Array Methods 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_array_sort.asp"  JS Array Sort 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_array_iteration.asp"  JS Array Iteration 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_array_const.asp"  JS Array Const 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_dates.asp"  JS Dates 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_date_formats.asp"  JS Date Formats 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_date_methods.asp"  JS Date Get Methods 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_date_methods_set.asp"  JS Date Set Methods 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_math.asp"  JS Math 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_random.asp"  JS Random 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_booleans.asp"  JS Booleans 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_comparisons.asp"  JS Comparisons 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_if_else.asp"  JS If Else 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_switch.asp"  JS Switch 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_loop_for.asp"  JS Loop For 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_loop_forin.asp"  JS Loop For In 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_loop_forof.asp"  JS Loop For Of 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_loop_while.asp"  JS Loop While 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_break.asp"  JS Break 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_iterables.asp"  JS Iterables 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_sets.asp"  JS Sets 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_maps.asp"  JS Maps 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_typeof.asp"  JS Typeof 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_type_conversion.asp"  JS Type Conversion 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_bitwise.asp"  JS Bitwise 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_regexp.asp"  JS RegExp 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_errors.asp"  JS Errors 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_scope.asp"  JS Scope 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_hoisting.asp"  JS Hoisting 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_strict.asp"  JS Strict Mode 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_this.asp"  JS this Keyword 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_arrow_function.asp"  JS Arrow Function 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_classes.asp"  JS Classes 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_modules.asp"  JS Modules 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json.asp"  JS JSON 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_debugging.asp"  JS Debugging 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_conventions.asp"  JS Style Guide 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_best_practices.asp"  JS Best Practices 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_mistakes.asp"  JS Mistakes 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_performance.asp"  JS Performance 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_reserved.asp"  JS Reserved Words 
<br  
<h2 class="left"  JS Versions</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_versions.asp"  JS Versions 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_es5.asp"  JS 2009 (ES5) 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_es6.asp"  JS 2015 (ES6) 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_2016.asp"  JS 2016 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_2017.asp"  JS 2017 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_2018.asp"  JS 2018 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_ie_edge.asp"  JS IE / Edge 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_history.asp"  JS History 
<br  
<h2 class="left"  JS Objects</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_object_definition.asp"  Object Definitions 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_object_properties.asp"  Object Properties 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_object_methods.asp"  Object Methods 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_object_display.asp"  Object Display 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_object_accessors.asp" class="active"  Object Accessors 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_object_constructors.asp"  Object Constructors 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_object_prototypes.asp"  Object Prototypes 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_object_iterables.asp"  Object Iterables 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_object_sets.asp"  Object Sets 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_object_maps.asp"  Object Maps 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_object_es5.asp"  Object Reference 
<br  
<h2 class="left"  JS Functions</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_function_definition.asp"  Function Definitions 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_function_parameters.asp"  Function Parameters 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_function_invocation.asp"  Function Invocation 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_function_call.asp"  Function Call 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_function_apply.asp"  Function Apply 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_function_bind.asp"  Function Bind 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_function_closures.asp"  Function Closures 
<br  
<h2 class="left"  JS Classes</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_class_intro.asp"  Class Intro 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_class_inheritance.asp"  Class Inheritance 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_class_static.asp"  Class Static 
<br  
<h2 class="left"  JS Async</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_callback.asp"  JS Callbacks 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_asynchronous.asp"  JS Asynchronous 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_promise.asp"  JS Promises 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_async.asp"  JS Async/Await 
<br  
<h2 class="left"  JS HTML DOM</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_htmldom.asp"  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_htmldom_methods.asp"  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_htmldom_document.asp"  DOM Document 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_htmldom_elements.asp"  DOM Elements 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_htmldom_html.asp"  DOM HTML 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_validation.asp"  DOM Forms 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_htmldom_css.asp"  DOM CSS 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_htmldom_animate.asp"  DOM Animations 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_htmldom_events.asp"  DOM Events 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_htmldom_eventlistener.asp"  DOM Event Listener 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_htmldom_navigation.asp"  DOM Navigation 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_htmldom_nodes.asp"  DOM Nodes 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_htmldom_collections.asp"  DOM Collections 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_htmldom_nodelist.asp"  DOM Node Lists 
<br  
<h2 class="left"  JS Browser BOM</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_window.asp"  JS Window 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_window_screen.asp"  JS Screen 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_window_location.asp"  JS Location 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_window_history.asp"  JS History 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_window_navigator.asp"  JS Navigator 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_popup.asp"  JS Popup Alert 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_timing.asp"  JS Timing 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_cookies.asp"  JS Cookies 
<br  
<h2 class="left"  JS Web APIs</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_api_intro.asp"  Web API Intro 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_validation_api.asp"  Web Forms API 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_api_history.asp"  Web History API 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_api_web_storage.asp"  Web Storage API 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_api_web_workers.asp"  Web Worker API 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_api_fetch.asp"  Web Fetch API 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_api_geolocation.asp"  Web Geolocation API 
<br  
<h2 class="left"  JS AJAX</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_ajax_intro.asp"  AJAX Intro 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_ajax_http.asp"  AJAX XMLHttp 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_ajax_http_send.asp"  AJAX Request 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_ajax_http_response.asp"  AJAX Response 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_ajax_xmlfile.asp"  AJAX XML File 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_ajax_php.asp"  AJAX PHP 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_ajax_asp.asp"  AJAX ASP 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_ajax_database.asp"  AJAX Database 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_ajax_applications.asp"  AJAX Applications 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_ajax_examples.asp"  AJAX Examples 
<br  
<h2 class="left"  JS JSON</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_intro.asp"  JSON Intro 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_syntax.asp"  JSON Syntax 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_xml.asp"  JSON vs XML 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_datatypes.asp"  JSON Data Types 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_parse.asp"  JSON Parse 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_stringify.asp"  JSON Stringify 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_objects.asp"  JSON Objects 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_arrays.asp"  JSON Arrays 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_server.asp"  JSON Server 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_php.asp"  JSON PHP 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_html.asp"  JSON HTML 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_jsonp.asp"  JSON JSONP 
<br  
<h2 class="left"  JS vs jQuery</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_jquery_selectors.asp"  jQuery Selectors 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_jquery_elements.asp"  jQuery HTML 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_jquery_css.asp"  jQuery CSS 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_jquery_dom.asp"  jQuery DOM 
<br  
<h2 class="left"  JS Graphics</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_graphics.asp"  JS Graphics 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_graphics_canvas.asp"  JS Canvas 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_graphics_plotly.asp"  JS Plotly 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_graphics_chartjs.asp"  JS Chart.js 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_graphics_google_chart.asp"  JS Google Chart 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_graphics_d3js.asp"  JS D3.js 
<br  
<h2 class="left"  JS Examples</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_examples.asp"  JS Examples 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_dom_examples.asp"  JS HTML DOM 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_input_examples.asp"  JS HTML Input 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_ex_dom.asp"  JS HTML Objects 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_events_examples.asp"  JS HTML Events 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_ex_browser.asp"  JS Browser 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_editor.asp"  JS Editor 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_exercises.asp"  JS Exercises 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_quiz.asp"  JS Quiz 
https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_exam.asp"  JS Certificate 
<br  
<h2 class="left"  JS References</h2  
https://www.w3schools.com/js//jsref/default.asp"  JavaScript Objects 
https://www.w3schools.com/js//jsref/default.asp"  HTML DOM Objects 
<br  
      <br  <br  
    </div  